fix(k8s): pool size and autoscaling (#498)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-scaleway: website/docs/r/k8s_pool_beta.html.markdown

- `created_at` - The creation date of the pool.
- `updated_at` - The last update date of the pool.
- `version` - The version of the pool.

> - `current_size` - The actual size of the pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `current_size` - The size of the pool at the time the state was updated.
```
